Quake 3 support in Quest
------------------------

First, get the Q3Radient editing package. It contains the programs needed to
compile maps (q3map and bspc, only Win32 versions, I'll port them to Linux
as soonas Id releases the source), some important textures in mapmedia.pk3,
and the shader files.

Quest can't load .pk3 files directly (yet), so you'll need to extract all
the textures from pak0.pk3 and mapmedia.pk3 . q3map seems to have problems
if you extract them to your normal baseq3 directory, so I suggest extracting
them to a textures/ directory under a new directory
(.../quake3/foo/textures). You also need to place the scripts/ directory
from the map editing package in this directory (.../quake3/foo/scripts/).
Note that you only have to extract the textures from the .pk3 files, i.e.
only the files in the textures/ directory.

Now, point texture_path in quest.cfg at your new directory (.../quake3/foo),
and make sure the other settings are OK.


In Quake 3 mode, Quest uses the texture cache (like it does for just
about every game, the manual has more information). When you select a
texture in the texture picker or hold the mouse cursor above a texture
in the fullscreen texture picker, Quest will display a short line of
information about the texture. The most important thing to note is whether
the texture is a shader or just a raw image. Shaders are used in Quake 3
for all special effects, like skies, water, lava, mirrors, portals,
animations, etc. Thus, if you want a texture to be special, make sure
you're using a shader. There's nothing wrong with raw images, and
some textures have no shaders, but raw images will just be tiled normally,
even if they look special (some sky textures are just raw images). Shaders
are very powerful, and you can easily create your own, but you'll have to
find detailed information about them elsewhere.


To test your map in Quake 3, you need to set sv_pure to 0. Otherwise,
Quake 3 will refuse to load maps that aren't in a .pk3 file.

If you want to use 'cheats' (noclip and r_showtris are useful) in a
map, use '\devmap foo' instead of '\map foo' to enter the map.


If you're having problems setting the destination of a jumppad, Quest can
calculate the path for you. Select the target_position and the trigger_push
and hit ctrl-alt-p and Quest will display the path a person that steps
on the trigger_push will follow. This way you can check if he'll land where
you want him to, and if not, move the target_position and use the command
again, etc.


